In this video, we're
going to explore some of
the different options for
creating Named Ranges.
Very shortly, Zara is
going start performing
calculations using
entire columns of data,
and to make her life
a little easier,
she would like to name them.
In the previous
video, we saw how we
could name a single cell.
Well, the process
is very much the
same for naming an entire column.
We start by selecting the column.
I'm going to come
to my late charge.
But note, I'm not including
the heading because it's
not part of the data.
To select all the data,
we're going to press
"Control+ Shift+ Down Arrow",
and then we're going to come to
our Name box as we did
in the previous video,
and I'm going to call this
"Late_Charge" and press Enter.
What has happened
is we haven't given
each cell the name Late_Charge,
instead we've named the
entire column Late_Charge.
So that was using
our Name Box again,
which is quick and easy.
But there are some
other alternatives
which give us more options,
and we'll find these on the
"Formulas" tab of the ribbon.
If you have a look in the
"Defined Names" group,
these are all of the
tools for working
with Named Ranges, and
there're quite a few.
The next one we're
going to look at
is called Define Name,
and again, this allows us
to create a Named Range.
So let's do our Overdue
By data this time.
I'm going to click into M5,
then press "Control+
Shift+ Down Arrow".
But this time, I'm going
to press "Define Name".
This is the "New Name" dialog,
and you'll see it's picked up
the label for us automatically.
So that saves us a bit of typing.
I could adjust the range it's
referring to, which is handy.
But the main reason
for looking at
this tool is the scope.
In the last video, I
said that typically
the scope was the whole workbook.
In other words, the
Named Range had to
be unique within the workbook.
But if you wanted to have two
Named Ranges the same
in different sheets,
you could change the scope and
restrict it just
to a single sheet.
This is not usually desirable,
so we can leave it as workbook,
and we're just going
to press "Okay".
If I come back to my name box,
you can see that Named
Range has been added.
We still have quite a few
columns to do, though,
and this can be time consuming
if we did them one by one.
So now we're going to
look at my favorite tool,
which is "Create from Selection".
This allows us to create
multiple Named Ranges
simultaneously using the labels
already in the workbook.
So how do we do this?
We're going to start
by clicking into A4,
and dragging across to
select all of our labels.
I know, I specifically
told you not to do that.
But these are not going
to be part of the range.
We're just selecting them,
so it knows what to
call each range.
Then, again, we're going
to press "Control+
Shift+ Down Arrow" to
select all our data.
If I come up to "Create From
Selection" and hover
over it for a moment,
you'll see the keyboard
shortcut is "Control+ Shift+ F3"
and the more you use this tool,
the more likely you
are to remember that.
But for now, we're just
going to click on the tool,
and I need to explain
what it's doing here.
Is saying, "Do you want me to use
the labels in the top row
to name each column?"
Yes, we do. "Do
you want me to use
the labels in the left
column to name each row?"
No, we don't. So Excel will
take a pretty educated guess
based on where it finds text.
But if you do have text
in your first column,
don't forget to untick that.
Now we're going to say "Okay".
If I come back to my name box,
you'll see each of those
Named Ranges has been added,
and if I select
amount for example,
it has named the entire column,
but has not included the heading.
So three options
for naming ranges.
The Name Box is ideal if
you quickly need to name
a large range or a single cell
that doesn't have a label.
The Define Name is good
if you need to name
a single range and you need
that additional scope option,
and the Create From Selection is
our fastest option when you need
to create multiple Named Ranges
using labels already
in the workbook.
Don't worry if you've
made some mistakes.
In the next video,
we're going to look
at how we can use
the Name Manager to edit
and delete Named Ranges.